---
title: Meetup 1 October 2014
published: true
---

Now that was a strange day. iOS 7, EuroBasket, early trains were all competing for our attention, and early autumn colds got the best of some of us. But we’re not giving up.

We were solving a lot of random open questions, discussed web domains, databases and what not. Soon it became clear that it’s time to start working on more tangible projects.

So, without further ado, we have an important homework for next week (when we’ll be hosted by Celtra again):

Fun homework!
It’s time for kittens to grow into cats and create our own GitHub repositories. Why? We know the basics by now. If we want to learn more, it’s best to start working on meaningful stuff we care about.

So, until next week, each cat candidate should create a repository named username.github.io under her own account (replace username with, well, your GitHub username!). In this repo, create at least one web page (index.html), make it pretty with some CSS, and hey, why not, make it do fun stuff with JavaScript. The best part is that we’ll all be able to admire your work live on http://username.github.io.

It’s up to you, cat candidate, to come up with the rest. Don’t just copy-paste Lorem Ipsum. Make a website about your hobby. About your favorite coffee mug. About your favorite quote. Anything. But it should be something you care about. Make a plan. And start implementing it. First, the simple features, and in time you can build it into a proper web app. The only limit is your imagination!

And remember, if you need help, the Facebook group is your friend.